README.md, before:

# babao

> I've got 99 problems But A Bot Ain't One

Just a little [insert crypto-currency] trade bot, using [insert strategy] over [insert market-place] api.


## Usage:

```shell
> babao --help
```
```
usage: babao [-h] [-g] [-f] [-v | -q] <command> [<args>] ...

A bitcoin trading machine.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help          show this help message and exit
  -g, --graph         show a chart (matplotlib)
  -f, --fuck-it       stop bitching about existing lockfile
  -v, --verbose       increase output verbosity
  -q, --quiet         stfu damn bot

commands:
  <command> [<args>]
    dry-run (d)       real-time bot simulation
    wet-run (w)       real-time bot with real-money!
    training (t)      train bot on the given raw trade data file
    backtest (b)      test strategy on the given raw trade data file
    fetch (f)         fetch raw trade data since the beginning of times

Run 'babao <command> --help' for detailed help.
```


## Install:

See [INSTALL.md](INSTALL.md)


## License:

[BeerWare License](LICENSE)

Commit message:

Explain babao process in README

README.md, after:

# babao

> I've got 99 problems But A Bot Ain't One

Just a little [insert crypto-currency] trade bot, using [insert strategy] over [insert market-place] api.


## Usage:

* First, you want some data! Run fetch mode to start a database (this might take a while)
* Then train your awesome model... and backtest till it's good!
* Test in real time with dry-run mode. Open the graph and grab popcorn
* Done playing?
    1. Launch wet-run mode
    2. Profit
    3. ???


```shell
> babao --help
```
```
usage: babao [-h] [-g] [-f] [-v | -q] <command> [<args>] ...

A bitcoin trading machine.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help          show this help message and exit
  -g, --graph         show a chart (matplotlib)
  -f, --fuck-it       stop bitching about existing lockfile
  -v, --verbose       increase output verbosity
  -q, --quiet         stfu damn bot

commands:
  <command> [<args>]
    dry-run (d)       real-time bot simulation
    wet-run (w)       real-time bot with real-money!
    training (t)      train bot on the given raw trade data file
    backtest (b)      test strategy on the given raw trade data file
    fetch (f)         fetch raw trade data since the beginning of times

Run 'babao <command> --help' for detailed help.
```


## Install:

See [INSTALL.md](INSTALL.md)


## Config:

After the install, you should have a directory ```~/.babao.d``` with a config file: [babao.conf](config/babao.conf)

## License:

[BeerWare License](LICENSE)
